This position.
This timing.
This angle!
It's all perfect!
Wow, you really did do it.
I can't be as accurate as Tobio,
but who doesn't wanna copy cool things when they can?
Man! You guys can trust each other so much because you're twins!
It must be nice being brothers!
Trust each other?
It's not like I actually trust Tsumu.
He never listens to me.
Osamu, what the hell?! Why didn't you wake me up?!
I did. And I told you I was going early because I'm on class duty.
He never returns things he borrows.
That's my jacket.
Can I borrow it?
You can ask that once you return the damn thing first.
I didn't eat it!
Seriously?
And he lies.
But who needs trust anyway?
I mean, I know the ball's comin'.
Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu
Haikyuu !
!
Haikyuu
We're not gonna quit now, we're not stopping here, we're not giving up
We're in the direst of straits We understand all that
But we're not quitting now, we're not stopping, we're not giving up
If we give up now It'll all be over
If we don't step up to the challenge, we'll never get a taste
Of the most exhilarating time of our lives
There's always been something we've lacked, something missing
Haven't you also hungered for it?
So we'll be coming at them fair and square
We're gonna play out this reality, all the sweet and all the sour
We wanna come straight at you with the greatest of finesse
We're torn toward that delight because that seems like the most fun
So there's no way we're giving up now
Not until we've tasted it all and are left grinning
So we're smiling for now
Episode Fifteen: Found Episode Fifteen: Found
Episode Fifteen: Found
Daichi!
Asahi!
Look at that speed!
They're basically on par with Karasuno's first-year duo!
You really creep me out.
Aw, flattery will get you nowhere!
Inarizaki Karasuno
Got it!
Sorry! Someone get it!
It seems that Tobio tends to go for a fast attack even more when the receives are messy.
And considering we just pulled off one ourselves, he's probably gonna go for...
Shouyou!
Shut down!
Inarizaki just shut down Karasuno's main attack!
It's almost like he blocked knowing for sure that the ball would go to Hinata.
Hinata, Kageyama, calm down.
Don't get so worked up.
I'm my normal self.
Oh yeah?
Inarizaki Karasuno The Miya Twins are unstoppable!
They're truly the ultimate challengers!
Their number ten is small but an excellent scorer.
It must be depressing when someone else can use your unique attack so easily, though.
You think so?
I doubt he got much attention without Kageyama prior to this.
But it's not like he's going to keep playing with Kageyama as his setter forever.
Basically, what that fast attack shows him is that there are other setters like Atsumu who can get him the ball.
I think it's welcome news for him that it's not exactly unique.
Not to mention...
I wouldn't call that face "depressed," would you?
Sorry! Get it!
Looks like your unpredictability is gettin' predictable, Tobio!
That's out of bounds!
That ball was touched by the blockers!
That's a point for Karasuno!
Kourai, that was... He definitely saw that.
Yeah!
I'm my normal self.
He wasn't even trying to act tough.
He's just trying to set the ball the best way he knows how.
He's fully aware that what happens afterward isn't always in his hands.
The old Kageyama would've probably tried to do everything on his own.
Up front!
Gin!
Got it!
This time it was Karasuno that stopped them!
First-year Tsukishima Kei stopped the Miya Twins!
We did it!
The deviant fast attack's biggest enemy is when the blockers get used to it.
As for examples of deviant fast attack killers...
I'd say either Aone from Date Tech or Inuoka from Nekoma,
who've stopped Hinata plenty of times.
Nice, Tsukishima!
Or someone who's seen the deviant fast attack many times on a daily basis and probably hates it.
Like Tsukishima.
I've always wanted to stop one of those.
What?
I touched it!
This is the first time I've heard of Karasuno, but they've got quite the lineup.
That fast attack is insane, that samurai dude is strong, and their libero's really good.
Left!
What about their number five? The kid with the crew cut.
He's energetic, I guess?
What the hell, man?
Hell yeah!
Yep! Energetic!
Inarizaki Karasuno
And Inarizaki High School immediately calls for a timeout.
They're physically cutting off the streak.
Great job out there, Tsukishima!
I was able to stop that last one because it was easy to read,
but that fast attack's still going to be plenty of trouble.
True that.
Hinata.
Yes?
I'm leaving one of the twins to you.
I need you to be like Inuoka.
Fly Fly
No sighing!
Daichi!
Damn you all, with your powerful serves...
Whoa, Tsukki's gonna take flight!
Come up here...
and get it!
You little...
This is definitely higher than the ones from Shiratorizawa!
Tsukishima Kei is definitely shining on both offense and defense!
That one sure was high.
Come on, guys. At least high five or something.
Tsukishima's got the "That went well, but I'd rather die than admit it" face.
And Kageyama's is a "He's glaring at me, so I'm glaring right back" face.
How can you even tell, Ennoshita?
It hasn't been that long since the Youth Training Camp.
What the hell happened to Tobio since then?
Inarizaki Karasuno
All right.
Let's do this!
Haikyuu!!
I swear, this never gets easier.
You got this.
Not to mention, we're up against people I've seen on TV and in magazines!
Hey, Kinoshita Hisashi, age 16.
The current Inarizaki receivers are Ginjima Hitoshi, age 17,
Miya Osamu, age 16, and Akagi Michinari, age 18!
That's all!
So we're not up against college guys, adults, or aliens.
Nice serve!
I'm leaving one of the twins to you.
I need you to be like Inuoka just this once.
Hinata is gonna stay on Miya Osamu.
So for any attacks from the left or center,
I need you guys to block with two blockers, no matter what.
Got it!
If he takes a running approach to his block, Hinata's point of impact is one of the best on the team,
and he's got quick reflexes.
He'll do fine.
Sounds like something a mildly intelligent animal could pull off.
Are you jealous that I got assigned a big role, Tsukishima?
Sure, yeah.
Come on, Tsukishima. Don't get lazy with the retorts.
We've got this!
Hinata's commit blocking Miya Osamu?!
It hit my hands!
He does it!
The little guy at 164 cm blocked the 183-cm tall spiker!
Karasuno High School has tied the score for the first time!
Inarizaki Karasuno Inarizaki Karasuno
Inarizaki Inarizaki Karasuno Karasuno
D-D-D-Did you see that, K-K-Kageyama?!
You just got lucky.
You're more surprised than anyone else here.
That kid sure can jump.
He suddenly showed up in front of me outta nowhere.
I definitely wasn't expecting a commit block.
Neither was I.
Hinata did it.
Yeah.
But that was basically like a surprise attack.
You're gonna have to keep at it.
Got it!
He's not going to take that lying down.
Atsumu just did the same attack twice in a row.
That was a nice serve!
I couldn't force their setter to dig it out, though.
I could've aimed that one a lot better!
We can score here!
The ball's right above the net!
We're not up against college guys, adults, or aliens.
But I know...
they're a different kind of high schooler.
They're high school kids who've worked harder than me and have way more experience.
I don't stand a chance.
But they do!
Our deviant first-years definitely do!
That kid's got a huge vertical.
But that's basically all he's got.
Inarizaki managed to push it to the other side!
Guess you're not as tough as I thought you were.
What can he do?
They have a lot more experience.
That last joust ended up how it did,
but it's probably really stressful being beaten in one-on-one blocking like that.
Especially because he managed to get that first block by luck.
Inarizaki is learning how to deal with the deviant fast attack.
So let's go ahead and try blending in.
Got it!
All according to plan!
Did you actually forget?
It was in your mind at first,
but ever since you saw the twins' fast attack, you started thinking about how yours is faster.
Is that it?
Don't get so worked up!
That's the second time I've told you today!
Yessir.
That goes for spikes and blocks.
Go for it again!
Nice receive!
I touched it!
Sorry, it's close to the net!
Dammit!
I put too much strength into that one.
Wake up, Samu!
I am awake.
Stop lying!
Goin' in there like, "I'm just gonna be the decoy." I see right through you!
Shaddup.
If I jumped for every ball, I wouldn't make it to the end of the match.
If you'd hit the ball, you'd get it over, so hit the damn ball!
Or what, are you scared of that tiny little blocker?
Like hell I am!
Really?!
Y-Yeah.
He's not scared?
I guess a scary blocker would be more like...
Aone.
But Date Tech also comes at you with at least two guys and looms over you.
One-on-one...
Who was the most annoying blocker when I went one-on-one with them?
Who was it?
An annoying blocker.
Annoying.
Who the heck was it?
Don't slack, don't slack, don't slack!
I know!
The blocker I hated facing one-on-one the most was...
Please don't hit a cross-court spike, okay?
You can't hit it this way, right?
Yeah!
He made me hit a straight spike?!
Their number ten isn't coming?
Blend in!
Synchronized attack!
All right!
Yeah!
Fly Fly Karasuno with back-to-back points!
They're tied up yet again!
Shouyou, was that on purpose?
Yep.
I really hated that guy's blocking.
Huh?
Don't get sick now.
Well, whatever. Good job!
Thanks!
You're not the one who scored, though.
I'm no longer just all about offense—
Hey, listen!
Damn it, Kageyama!
Man, I'm getting hungry.
Huh?
Karasuno's doing way better than I thought they would.
Inarizaki Karasuno
This match essentially looks like the newcomers challenging the better veteran team,
but it's actually Inarizaki that's trying to deal with Karasuno.
At least for now.
Coach Ukai's grandson understands that too.
He's keeping their balance by using surprise attacks,
but once they stop, they'll be overwhelmed.
The real battle might be when they finally use up all their surprises.
Miyagi Karasuno Miyagi Karasuno Hyougo Inarizaki
Hyougo Inarizaki
I wonder if they have a strategy where their number ten doesn't jump out.
Or was that just random?
There was something similar toward the end of the Shiratorizawa match too.
Seriously, how many times do I need to say this?
If you get distracted by their number ten, you're falling right for their trap.
There's a time to be adaptable, and a time to stand your ground.
Don't forget the difference.
Read blocking starts to shine in the latter half of a match.
Right!
Damn!
Aran!
Three blockers!
Yes!
Crap.
Did that just go above our triple block?
You can hit like that any time, Asahi!
Yeah, no. I'm not getting over them like that.
Inarizaki Karasuno Give us a good serve!
Stop him... You gotta stop him!
Damn it!
What a monstrous serve!
Getting the ball up was all they could do.
Left!
Asahi!
That was actually okay!
I actually pulled off an okay emergency set!
Yeah, that was just luck.
Three blockers!
Damn it!
What the hell?!
Yes!
Yeah, sorry about that.
They got this far and they're still trying new things?
Those damn crows.
Inarizaki Karasuno
I finally get to play in the back row for once!
All right!
Yes! Yeah!
Hinata's even more hyped up about serving than he usually is.
Yes! Yes! Yeah!
Even though his serves suck.
I think he's more excited about playing defense than serving.
Yeah! Yes!
Oh, and Yamaguchi's serving.
Okay, you know what to do.
Make sure you score ten points!
Why are you all teary-eyed?
Go. You've got this.
I can't really describe it, but I think we've got this!
Follow my process, step-by-step.
The way I walk.
The way I touch the ball.
My target is their ace.
The goal is to get him to drop to one knee.
I need to reset, just like I did in the Tsubakihara match.
Wait.
I could see it during warmups.
Calm down.
Just find something else.
Nice spike!
Do it again!
Concentrate.
You did just fine yesterday.
I need to reset.
Tadashi!
All right!
That's a service ace!
Oh, sorry about that.
Karasuno takes the lead!
Hell yeah!
Oh man...
Do it again!
The only thing I'm sure of is that the day will come when I finally get it
It doesn't matter if I make some mistakes along the way as long as I hold onto these feelings
In my dreams I wanted to throw off the yoke of gravity and reality
But the day in day out of bringing it all together had me grounded
The boy who acted all tough like he wasn't scared of anything
Still hasn't been torn away from the sweat of fierce competition
But he's not just hoping for miracles anymore
We can go anywhere we want to because one day our dream will come true
It was no mere coincidence that we made it this far
Every time we're forced from the stage I always wanna get right back on it
And I can hold onto that strong desire because you were there
Episode Sixteen: Broken Heart
Next time: "Broken Heart."